Add Tally links (#145)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: docs/governance/overview.mdx

#### Staking rewards distribution
{/* TODO: 
- Add Blockscout link to address of the Staking contract 
*/}
Rewards are taken from the balance of the [Rewards contract](https://github.com/LiskHQ/lisk-contracts/blob/main/documentation/staking-governance.md#contracts-overview) and calculated daily, based on the amount locked and the remaining locking duration.
Concretely, the weight for a locked amount is given by `lockedAmount * (remainingLockingDurationInDays + 150)`.
The total daily amount of staking rewards, 8,000,000 / 365  LSK, is then shared by all users proportional to their weight.

> A total of 24 million LSK tokens are used over the course of 3 years for the LSK staking rewards program (8 million LSK per year).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A total of 24 million LSK tokens will be used over the course of 3 years for the LSK staking rewards program (8 million LSK per year).
```

Author: As the DAO is launched now, we should talk in present tense imho

Reviewer: A total of 24 million LSK tokens will be used in the course of the next 3 years, which means that this activity will start now and end in the future. Hence, the suggestion.
